Welcome everybody to Harmontown is now in session love him obey him she as he pleases
welcome the mayor of Harmontown the goblin king Dan Harmon and left her feeling blue what kind of
magic spells to use smiles and snails and puppy dog tails thunder and lightning
something sniffing bacon jump magic dance magic jump magic dance magic jump magic jump magic jump magic
here comes the flying baby five babies flying at you there you go but what the podcast listeners
won't know is that Dan Harmon and I are and then the various members of our Armenian audience are
dressed as Jared tonight and an all labyrinth themed Harmontown yes check the website if you're
out in the internet world you know just just give it a cursory googling or go to I don't know
Harmontown.com is not up yet but you know go somewhere and look at a photo of us very unusual
bowls in your in your sweatpants it's realistically lateral it's not yeah I in real life and of
course a grower not a shower meaning I have a tiny penis that that that sort of recedes into a nipple
above my giant ball sack so what I did is I found a dog toy that I kind of anchored the
good news is this is being well photographed from the front row so it's kind of in a low
slung twine harness let's see the harness we'll be giving this and many other things away
they're not the show I'm not gonna I'm not gonna express disappointment with the with the with the
lack of Jarrah so what I will do is express joy and support for the Jarrah's that did show up
let's let's how I stand up stand up Jarrah's be seen one two three four five six seven nine
ten oh black we have a black Jarrah and she and she said on twitter that uh that he wasn't
going to have time or you said you didn't have the money or to put into a jarrah costume I said
we Harmontown would reimburse him because it's a special thing it's like a social program
I was thinking there's a very good chance he'd be the only black Jarrah so what's good is that
diversity program like whatever that wig cost whatever whatever whatever your gas costs you
know let's see us after the show as great as even a white Jarrah gets into Tina Turner country
yeah if nt and I switched wigs uh yeah I'd still be there Ramon and he'd be Tina Turner
uh all right so uh you know let's not address this all night let's uh let's casually throw it over
our shoulder can we talk about the construction of your vest if you want because because from middle
distance if you squint your eyes it's exactly the shape of the vest I just want to know about
more about the uh it's backstory it's origin for for those who uh for those who are only listening
I I went for for Jarrah then I arrived at kind of a gay Han Solo by buying a woman's windbreaker
and cutting it cutting it into the precise shape of David Bowie's what I would call his lead he
wears several outfits he's like a male barbaralla he wears several outfits elaborate you never see
him in the same one twice uh I'm sure that was in his contract and uh he uh one of them and the
one where he sings dance magic dance um he's it's he's in kind of a leisure leisure throne wear
and uh kind of kicking back and uh I would say you nailed it you got boots and everything yeah
well I I look closer I didn't get actual boots I got I got ladies boots from Goodwill cut the
tops of them off because I couldn't find boots that would fit and put them over men's shoes over my
Benz filler shoes you made labyrinth spats yep labyrinth spats spats labyrinth spats spats labyrinth
spats put those magic spats on me I saw my boots too small to fit my manly feet what kind of came
my prop to you are you a jumbo juice lids glued into a sphere are you a are you a fan of the movie
because I've only seen it about twice I and I've never I only saw the ending today
it's a good ending because I always hated Sarah in it because she's kind of an unredemptive character
until the bitter end of that thing I would she when she says like no I'd rather I don't want all
my wishes to come true I want to say as a baby right is that is that the idea yeah well I'll
tell you it's a lot of it's a lot of bickering as a professional storyteller I I'm I'm really not
allowed to like that movie but as a as a as a moviegoer as a fan of Hudson hawk in dock Hollywood
I understand that it's Erin McGathy's favorite movie and wouldn't take that away from her she
was she has a passion for that movie that I would like until people of my generation's passion for
the goonies for instance right uh I'm not saying labyrinth people are a different generation of
just saying like I never watched that labyrinth shit when I was a kid it looked a little I can't
say fruity that's homophobic it's a look looked uh look gay yeah uh wait wait wait to avoid fruity
it looked like it was exercising it's god-given right to get married uh but to another movie
with with with the same sexual organs but as an adult now as a fan of David Bowie which I was not
when I first saw that movie I didn't I didn't know Bowie uh like knowing Bowie now it's pretty cool
like because like because it's David Bowie like oh forget about the babies it's cooler now than it
was then to me I mean cool now it's cool now you wish that that a bad movies should always be that
good also that should be a special note I think well yeah time bandits is a good example too
like like like time bandits is incredible it's it's you know if you were to if if you were to say
I don't like time bandits there's guys that won't date you no matter how hot you are
like there's a deal breaker for them they won't do it like a beautiful woman walks up to them you
could the guy could have two heads and like an extra butt or something and um and and just have no
chance of ever procreating and then there's like a supermodel could walk up to him and there's
people out there that she would say I don't I don't like time bandits I prefer Kevin Smith dogma
and uh and then there's there's people out there they're that passionate about time bandits that
they would they would tell her to take a hike take a beautiful hike and uh I I don't know if I would
count myself in there I'm too old to care uh what what what movies you like or don't like although
if you said you like dogma I'd probably tell you to go fuck yourself I think just just I just it's
a slippery slope like like conversationally down the road like what kind of shit am I gonna have
to listen to if you think dogma is a good movie is it possible you're gonna think my face is a
sandwich am I gonna wake up to you eating my face it has nothing to do with tasted movies I don't
want to assert mine over years I just want to make sure I don't get murdered because the disparity
between dogma and a good film is similar to my face and a fucking sandwich is that much does that
much difference happening just move your hands away from your your bolds you make a profile there
perfect sorry I was just photographing Sarah don't you know that magic is in my ball
I've seen it twice too uh the uh the the other thing I was gonna say it's a movie about a about a
girl that doesn't like babysitting she wishes her favorite curse she's a very unlikable protagonist
she and she wishes a goblin to take the baby away for good because she hates babysitting
and then David Bowie comes in with an owl and he says I'm fucking I got your baby he says like
you told me I only did what you told me to do Sarah I took the baby you have till 12 o'clock
to try to get it back 13 o'clock and so 13 o'clock goblin goblin time uh the uh
the the uh and then and then I don't know why well we do know why it gives her a time limit
because this is my problem with the movie as he establishes in the third act it's like look
you just you created me I just do whatever you want that's like one of those movies right here
we're running from the vampire and somebody goes wait we have to have faith we just have to stop
being afraid and then it's our fear and then she remembers I'm not afraid well then I'll go home
checking out in the monster clock that's that's not a story wait it's 40 year old David Bowie
falling in love with her or she falling in love with him or both they but well he's a manifestation
of her so he's he's like a metaphor for her her experimenting with the cucumber I don't know like
he's he's he's a 13 year old girl's version of a man so he looks like a he looks like this
well a little better he looks a little better
I wasn't fishing for salmon so don't give me a boot
and coined it coined a new colloquial phrase
um the Jim hent jim henson is the star of labyrinth much as any omora cone is the star of any uh
wait i'm getting that wrong no any omora cone is the star of all this forget what was the
guy that directed the spaghetti westerns sergio leone sergio leone you see a sergio leone
omori akoni is the yeah he's the real star of a lot of the spaghetti westerns like without the
morricone music you know what would some of those movies really be jim henson is the star of labyrinth
it's like he's doing some amazing things like oh there's a mouse writing a fucking pickle or
something and uh this is like they did it by making using a regular sized mouse and then
in the close-ups it's a the the pickles got human feet coming out of it i don't know it's
not my passion it's not i i don't i believe it's that's that stuff is a it's a it's a scam that's
that's Schrab shit i gotta tell you Schrab shit rob Schrab shit you're uh i just i'm looking at you
and and uh that that wig is almost lani anderson it's it's a little it's 40 percent lani 60
percent sammy right higar sammy higar i see that all right all right so uh easy to fill let's talk
about race uh let's talk about race let's talk about hoggle the the swarthy little uh fellow
that loves gold and jewelry yeah and like kind of bargains his way yeah well george lucas knocked
him off the map with his like weird semitic uh desert desert bargainer episode one yeah and
episode one i was like what can i do for you what do you want you want your slave back
with my chickney this is a this is a way to use the force uh that was no good
and then we went out of the hoggle beat him to that punch i would say beat him to the punch but
then like no one remembers the first punch after it's like george lucas chopped to the
down goes frasier holy crap's uh um yeah labyrinth jim henson good job jim henson
yeah he was erin should bring erin up sure let's bring erin erin megathy
it was her idea to all dress up as jareth labyrinth is erin's favorite movie if she made us watch the
movie we all decided to dress up as jareth let's hear it for erin megathy's erin tell us about
george lucas producing whatever he said uh george lucas uh produced labyrinth and end of fact all
right well uh thank you erin uh erin uh will you conduct uh why don't you why don't you be a kind
of vanna white no no all sexism aside no all sexism actually like bunched in and magnified
the kind of vanna white our costume uh acknowledgement i won't even call it a contest
so let's just let's just make sure i feel like everyone's got a a a reasonable expectation of
of of of a brief 15 uh seconds of stardom uh if they if they put on some eye shadow and a wig
tonight there's at least one person out there that looks exactly like jareth from the movie labyrinth
by the way jeff and we haven't acknowledged for the podcast listeners that jeff is wearing uh
what looks like a $50,000 jareth costume
he he it's it's not really a costume it's just jareth he went he went he went out and commissioned
people's help and he looks he looks kind of like he's a passable david bowie in the first place
so with the eye shadow and the wig he looks like if this was a labyrinth reunion and you said like
jareth stunt doubles here it should be said that the three of us watch this movie because i really
wanted them to see it and i don't i think i i don't know but like the idea of us dressing like
jareth came up and jeff was really enthusiastic about it and i think that's because he knows
it was in my wheelhouse yeah oh i see that's like let's like what if people are doing karaoke and
they say oh the thing's broken uh uh we can only use one of the cds like i don't know he's a george
michael one i don't know right he's in my vocal register you do do a pretty good george michael
oh well i guess it will be nice yeah there is there is one time when we the three of us were at
karaoke and uh dan was singing george michael and i turned to jeff to say something and jeff was like
dance singing dancing george michael yeah your boyfriend singing i'm so sorry
but yeah are you sure that are you sure he said your boyfriend's singing he said our boyfriend
singing you guys look like two fourths of an awesome eighties band yeah yeah we're we're just
yeah we're we're we just came back from our bass player's funeral
he put a two-liter bottle of harrowing up his ass and exploded a lack i don't know how
harrowing works like like mentos right uh hey it's Dan Harmon here at puny studios i'm just
interjecting at this point because at the recording at this point we brought up all the jareth's
so while it was awesome everyone dress as jareth uh thank you so much i love you all it was a great
great thing that you did it's 20 minutes of uh stuff that you can't see uh if you're a podcast
listener so we're we're sparing you that and i'm i'm i'm already talking too long uh explaining to
you that we're saving you time uh so uh let's continue on everyone came up and they were dressed
as jareth and it was awesome so here we go all right well let's hear it for our chorus of jareth
chorus of jareth good job Harmontown this is a town to be proud of well do you want to do a little
thing resetting we could be pretty proud of that turnout pretty that's pretty good i guess i implied
that not enough people dressed as jareth at first but then 20 people got up here that was that was
great i mean it's my it's my fervent wish that all all the jareth's so whichever among you can
uh that we all go to a bar afterwards and i'll take over a bar dressed as jareth
everyone's invited but i want to see i want to see 14 jareth walk into a bar
and then let the joke right itself probably pretty easy to make that the drawing room right
yeah let's see the little mario's face la's premiere shithole the drawing room
yeah uh Harmontown is kind of unofficially sponsored by the drawing room guest of Harmon
town uh uh remember to tie your shoes before you go to the men's room yeah if you because if you
tie them after hepsi yeah the drawing room where if you drop your keys you get to walk home because
some sort of vermin will steal your car it's uh it's it's you don't want to touch anything you
drop with the drawing room yeah there's a there's a there was a carpet there once and they never
tore it up but it's not there anymore yeah they just let it go they just let people walk it all
the way off yeah there were a couple little tuffs like near the booths and they finally some guy
what was like a putting knife and got like the last little vestiges of the carpet there there's a
guy that goes there and his name is henry and he's a lovely lovely old dude and he's been there he's
going there for he's gone there forever and i remember going there maybe 10 12 years ago
and not cynically i just thought this guy's probably we're not he's not going to be around
much longer he's he's he's he's old and he drinks a lot and he's that's we might be getting the
last of henry he's still with us and he looks exactly the same he's gonna outlive us all
he uh i didn't know this but he has a glass eye and i wasn't there but one time he was there in
the daytime and he coughed or sneezed and the couple people at the bar her ting ting ting
ting ting ting ting and his eyeball had shot across the bar and then landed on the bar mat
like down on the ground there which is even grosser possibly than the carpet that was still there at
the time and the bartender and he was like looking around for it and he doesn't know where it sat
and the bartender picked it up washed it off and gave it to him and he went put it right back in
that's a good bar yeah that's my kind of shit it's a bar so vile that hipsters will never take
it over yeah the gauntlet's been thrown down and one of the few bars that boast a women's room
it smells worse than a men's room i've only been in the women's room once but that men's room holy
tamale yeah there's bugs in there that don't exist outside of the men's room of the driver yeah do
you know there's a weird theory about that like there's bugs that fly in your face when you're
standing at the urinal and he he thinks he thinks that the reason they're there is because of the
pee that is on the wall because you can never hit the urinal because there's bugs in your face
so he thinks it's a whole biosphere that the it's like an amazing darwinian evolution that
that that like these bugs have evolved like no they're i mean they don't know but the same way
like there's birds that drop walnuts into traffic so that the the cars crack the walnuts and then
they eat the nut meat these these these bugs they they literally live for one day so like like
like last 30 years of the drawing room people peeing has been like a millennia to them yeah
so you you bet you bet it's a possibility there used to be doors in there but but the bar opens
at 6am and it boasts cocktail lounge open at 6am and so i think a lot of druggies were going in
there and so the doors are now off there so you can't go in there and do drugs uh but now it's
turning this weird kind of like men's shower like the whole thing has been designed so when people
puke or pee all over the place because they will clean the bathroom there it'll be spick and span
and 10 seconds later there is a three foot like like like a three point line of piss around the
thing like you can't get close to it and then it then it's just receding because now no one
wants to step on the pee right now people are progressively peeing farther away when things
they can hang from the rafters and be the cleanest monkey to get out of the drawing room bathroom
so then it's just like it's it's just this uh this exponential piss cycle that goes on
there so they designed the whole thing now where you they have a thing they hook up which is like
a car wash where they just go in and steam the whole thing down yeah and they just rinse the
whole thing down and then it's you know shiny and new and then 10 seconds later because the more
they do that it's the broken window theory in new york you know if the pre-guliani whole thing was
the idea of the the neighborhoods have a tipping point if you're walking down the streets covered
with garbage and all the windows are broken like you'll break a window you don't give a shit if
you walked on a pristine street there's that sort of i think it's i don't think it's that that gallant
of us i think we're just afraid to be the first person i think you know just i think it's just
sort of like cowardice and like and you can see it in european bathrooms i swear i went to europe
for the first time a couple years ago and i was just marveling i was like i went to dive bars the
bathrooms are still a little cleaner than the dive bars in america and i and my my girlfriend at the
time said that her her theory was that americans are more germaphobic too so we tend to try to
take shits and peas without touching anything and we end up making everything worse and the
cycle continues there's europeans are like hey it's my butt it's your butt you know i don't know
what i'm we're both from chanselvania uh there were uh thoughts to the same piece of plastic
there were uh paper towels covered it covered in shit in the women's bathroom months at the
drawing room there were what covered in shit paper towels oh yeah well i mean like coming out of
the dispenser they came pretty shit on nothing there's a trash can next to the next to the toilet
and they were their paper towels covered in in uh in shit sorry guys uh erin are you tell a ghost
story or uh or something or uh or else it's or or else it's weird that you're up here right
jeff told me to sit down no i know i know or he told you to sit down i said pull up a chair so you
sat down your idea we're dressed as jareth because of erin no i know that i'm not doubting her value
to humanity i'm not i don't i don't want her to be uncomfortable sitting up here like robin
gibbons or something uh robin gibbons robin robin quiver what's that howard stern lady
sorry i'll edit that out and i'll seem witty i don't care uh can you do a ghost story off off
the off the cuff yeah all right you guys know the uh can we lower the lights yeah hang on this is
the only ghost or i know is it about what sleeping with me is going to be like tonight
i'm just i'm just going to tell the uh the the only ghost story i know
and i'm not sure if i remember it
once upon a time in a town very close to this one maybe it was uh
uh uh oxnard luja's further away for six hours from this town in oxnard uh in a field
sorry i'm trying to remember this right okay so there's there was this man this old man who
never talked to anyone for years and years and years and years and uh after his wife died
oh there's a man and his wife died and then he never talked to anyone for years and years
air mcgath everybody there all right thank you wow whoa that was imagine that happened that was
horrifying i i thought for a minute that story was going to go somewhere
jeff you won't watch the movie halloween will you no that movie fucked my shit up man the
original halloween jeff i had a fucking babysitter when did that movie come out 77 8 79 okay so i was
born in 73 i was what six ish uh i had a babysitter megan osullivan uh megan if you're out there
go fuck yourself because she took me because i saw jaws on her watch and i couldn't go into a pool
for years and then i saw you know what they say fear is the best pacifier no you're doing a real
dialect class tonight please continuing story comrade oh thank you uh i remember being i don't
know how movies worked back then but you it wasn't like you it was his previous but somehow we had
halloween at our house and i couldn't have been more than six or seven years old and we watched
that and that movie really screwed me up and i had like is the thing about uh what's his name
michael meyers yeah the thing about him is he's supernatural because as soon as you look away
he's there you know he's he moves like a ghost he just happened like like you turn your head
and he sits up on the couch and it's scary like he's just he's got that ghostly inside out william
shatner mask and it's uh it's freaky and and i was just too young to watch it i don't think it
would have scared me if i watched it when i was 15 because no other movies scare me at all when i
was 18 years old my friends were having a party and they're like we're gonna watch scary movies i'm
like what are you watching they go we're gonna watch halloween i'm like you know what i'm 18
years old i'm an adult and then college i'm gonna i'm gonna watch this shit and fucking three more
months of looking over both shoulders like uh turn turn the light off when you when you go to bed
and then turn it back on again and turn it off and turn it on again they go maybe maybe maybe
dive into the bed like for real i was a grown man and i won't watch it and even like when it's on
like those commercials for it and i see that mask it's like i just like it just represents me looking
over my shoulder like i was too young for that i don't think there's anything that scares me like
that i just don't like those modern horror movies modern like now it's probably like 20 years old
but like event horizon is a perfect example in one of these you're laughing because it's my i said
modern when i was talking about event horizon um the i rented it at blockbuster that that's new
what is event horizon about i've never heard it it's about a spaceship that can go faster than the
speed of light but it turns out when you go faster than the speed of light you go through hell uh
because because time stops or whatever hell being defined as whatever ookey bookey like
like whatever uh thing you you know when you're greatest fears or regrets or dead wives or so
everybody aboard the ship of course has a lost a popsicle once and then they see a popsicle
it's a dumb movie but this is the thing about about modern horror as opposed to john carpenter's
stuff um uh that was pop the champagne this is john carpenter just fucking the masters of horror
in the back will never be dethroned boys john carpenter goes into every location with some
champagne in case someone mentioned it just in case i he's he's he's been he's been he's wasted
six hours this week watching uh joneray stand up just waiting that champagne's so hot and flat
it's not even worth drinking right because that's superboli it's just holding it all time this patent
as well guy goes on forever well just say something about me john carpenter let me pop this
fucker it's it's it's it's it's from 1948 um the uh the event horizon these these these new horror
movies as i call them uh the thing is that they go like like you know the guy i'll be looking the
the mirror in his medicine chest he's brushing his teeth and then he'll he'll close the medicine
chest door oh and you're expecting to see a thing no you don't see a thing and he's like
looking in the mirror and then it just hard cuts to like a a you know different lighting of a woman
with blood streaming down her face and it just goes it just it just it's not that's not fear
that's startling yeah that's just that's just that's just a thumbtack on your on your chair it
doesn't it doesn't count it doesn't i don't like that i don't like being startled in a movie you
could do that you could that doesn't take any craftsmanship how old are you when you first saw
a labyrinth erin oh um uh thanks for cheering for age uh i i was six seven did it scare you
um the first scene and the better you see it seems pretty scary for kids in the beginning
yeah i noticed that as the writer of monster house i have a keen eye for this stuff i wrote a movie that
every time i'm in this every time my friend mentions his own movies i pop champagne
kids get scared pretty easily little kids even even in even in this post horse dick internet world
of of of they've seen everything little little kids still get scared phd um post horse dick after
labrith nothing was post dick because it's just bulge and he's bouncing he's bouncing an infant
on a just a rigid con piece the entire time it's really it's really horny he's he's he's older than
i am in that movie right how old is bowie in that movie he's gotta be older than 39 right i don't know
but but and he's coming on to it's like what 15 year old 14 she's she's she's 14 but but he's
her fantasy and he's her fantasy yes also he's i watched the uh behind the scenes documentary
again today and uh it's it's uh monday tomorrow's vitamin day i'm gonna watch vitamins all day
tomorrow um so bowie's talking about the goblin king and he he says uh well he he doesn't choose
to to have her there he's reluctant but then he's forced into this way like he his explanation
was nothing that i think anyone has ever thought like he was he sat down with jim henson jim henson's
like yeah fine that's that's your explanation that the goblin king uh doesn't want to be the
goblin king but because he's there he may as well do a good job and um so that's you know
yeah jennifer connelly was to me that the goblin king spends most of his time hanging out in a
dungeon with 50 asshole puppets yeah yeah well now you know why because half of the movie was
written by a fucking guitarist uh for real i'm just saying you want a good story don't go to
you know david bowie well david bowie didn't write the story charry jones charry jones wrote the
movie he came up with the character like like motivation that's the thing about the movie
that doesn't make any sense to me there's no stakes we call them you know as we say it uh at
denny's end in writing there's you need stakes back to time that is the biggest is the biggest
labyrinth fan out here who other than erin so someone think that they're a bigger labyrinth fan
than erin john carpenter it's bj oh my god it's john carpenter come on up here john carpenter
yeah we got john carpenter's in the house uh bj wow you're looking very front a surprise special
no it's john carpenter wait i don't know what's really really what are we talking about labyrinth
you're gonna stick up your labyrinth yeah one humans and puppets together but real not like the
muppets wait no no no exactly like the muppets it's exactly like the muppets they're both as real
as each other no no the muppets are actors so two you've got oh i see oh the muppets are playing
actors it's not like the larry sanders show they're not well it kind of is it's kind of behind the
scenes that is uh john carpenter do you mean uh there are there are little people that are playing
the puppets is that what you mean like it's different and that's nope no no no i'm saying
uh fuzzy bear right um kermit miss piggy animals in a band so he's a musician but they're they're
actors they're not oh they're actually on the muppet show yeah so like when you see them like oh
we gotta get to new york or whatever it's like yeah because you're actors oh you're saying that
it isn't every man which you obviously are you're you find it less relatable to watch a show biz
show there's more very similar to it when the puppets are goblins that when puppets are actors
that's crazy in the uh in the behind the scenes documentary uh jim henson is talking about why
he wanted to make the movie anyway and him and terry jones say like well like we just wanted
to make a movie again with puppets and people that's like dirt crystal but fun and goblins maybe
like it was such a loose idea and so great but then it became such a great movie i was sitting
out at the the pikey the bar a couple blocks up the uh the street as uh here on the sunset
boulevard as i do every Harmontown and uh i was sitting there by myself at the bar
there's a little out of place on a monday uh it's not nothing because two days before halloween
it's not a weekend nobody else was in costume i mean if i had gone to the rainbow room i would
i would have been just every other guy in there yeah well some chick dressed as a cat would have
given you a hand job you would have been fine yeah everybody would have been oh man but also it's
it's halloween it's near halloween people can dig it and no one's given me any business but
there's one guy sitting next to me like he's like two stools down and uh and he's like yeah
i fucking hate hollywood you know i live downtown you know downtown i hollywood's kind of anathema
to me i don't go to hollywood hollywood's kind of bullshit i mean i'm here right now but i'm
kind of slumming it you know i live downtown you know i i'm on my bicycle here i'm a bicycle guy
you know and he looks over at me he goes huh yeah uh i love you in dark crystal man so anyway
i don't know where to begin analyzing that like he my indignation was more righteous than
any other time in my life he thought you were just hanging out at the at the pikey dress no i
think he's just a dishback who thinks he didn't know at all and he asked right he was just on a
flow he has to put his fingerprint on everything around him he just moved downtown so he's like
holy shit oh everything also i ordered i'll have a i'll have a sam smith lager and a friend at bronco
man i love friend at bronco man i live in san francisco for a friend at bronco who's trying
to engage me but i let my wig like be my earmuffs and i just i have my my my my my my collar be my
cocoon and i just like i i just iglooed myself in and i and because i'm you know in my wig and my
boots i'm nine feet tall in this costume and he says he was a little shrimpy fucker and he was
just trying he was just trying to affect everybody in the goddamn bar which is the worst because it
was he's just he just broke up with his girlfriend and he re-ikeered the missing stuff from his in
his part in his loft well he filled in all her missing spots he was sitting in a bar in hollywood
trying to talk about how uncool hollywood is which is a little look there's a case for the hollywood
kind of blows in lots of ways but there's also good things about hollywood for instance
Harmontown for one uh that's that's in hollywood and the nerdest time being that's in hollywood
and then until such time as it can get emancipated yeah absolutely but this guy was just like every
time anybody ordered a drink he had to like weigh in on it and uh he took a lot longer two olives
nice dirty oh like a like a bat blew into his face he'd be like fruit bat nice it doesn't doesn't
drink blood a lot of people don't know that he's just a him cliff clavin yeah he wasn't
cliff clavin cliff clavin had information this guy this guy was like i don't like that i know
about i've heard about i don't like it uh i'm above that but then he uh he waited way longer to weigh
in on me because i think he had to wait a half hour to hear me finally order a drink and to hear
that i wasn't gonna sound like david bowie because i was like oh don't be cruel to me i'll be cruel
to you if you don't give me a like if i if i don't order my drink Sarah you have no idea that don't
forget about the baby i if i had committed to that i don't think he would ever have
fucking turned me like like turned to me at all but i was like oh yeah when you get a chance i'll
have a whatever you forgot my glass remember me over here i was you know i was being like great
me hi and then he was like yeah yeah nice job in dark crystal bro and he and then he just
fucked off to the bathroom like that like it was like a slam dunk and mic drop and he went off to
the thing criss-rock to the bathroom yeah uh spencer you better get up here and set up your uh
your gear oh shit spencer everybody our dungeon master uh
yeah that was a good idea and can you or both of you um can you guys quote labyrinth a little more
uh your quotes your quotes are are just like a degree off uh what's the one he goes uh
shit it's uh don't uh don't don't define me sir there's a uh i've been very generous but i can
be very cool something like that close it kind of ties like he's written written by a uh like
like like like instructions for a wee game as a sort of thing he just sort of says things the way
they are a kind of a long-winded way yeah most Sarah you didn't know that imagination had things in
store for you he doesn't really say anything it's like most of the dialogue is her muttering to
herself because she's walking around half alone in a labyrinth it's not fair it's not fair it's so
hard to get to this labyrinth ah you know what i should do i should stop walking to the labyrinth
the way i'm walking to the labyrinth well if you do that then you won't know which way you're going
what are you a wall a wall person well you could call me an earth butterfly but i call myself a
butterfly earth but that's not fair no fair is in the eye of the beholder i put my eye out and
holding it around i hate you well hate means love here but that's not fair oh but soup tastes
bad and the sky is pee oh but it was me it was me the whole time i was the earth butterfly the
entire time no oh well then i choose to not listen to you no but that's not your choice to make i'm
afraid i'm going to turn the clock into a calculator and subtract two no you can't do that okay i want
to be a good babysitter okay but didn't the first uh the opening act of this movie start with you
hating babysitting but i don't mean it anymore i changed my mind this is a realm where nothing
means anything set up i like i like that you don't mean anything wait what no no stop no no stop
statement you don't mean anything this whole movie didn't matter oh one two three bumblebee
the whole house is back to normal and the baby's here now there's two babies and there's
muppets in my room whenever the fuck including the ones that were tried to rip my fucking head off
technically speaking and the ones who tried to impale me with pikes
i was so flattered my heart was so warmed when you guys wanted to dress up like
we wanted to talk it's an intervention erin we all dressed as jareth tonight because we knew it was
the only way you'd come this movie has story problems it's no it's no monster house we couldn't
i mean where is the revelation that the whole thing is because a fat lady died
where where's the point in the story that joseph camel calls for where after they get
barfed up by the monster and they have tea for a fucking hour i haven't seen it i'm grinding
some axes about a movie no one's seen yeah it's not the best movie but the thing is i like it i
like watching it however it's i can't get through the motherfucker i can't make it to i can't i
cannot make it to the end of the labyrinth well because it's just too much you want my eyes and
heart when he's walking on the mc estrus there goes you know i sing things that's on melodies
can we talk about time bandits uh talk all you want you'll just get lynched by nerds after the
show your your car will be spray painted yoko well i enjoy time bandits but to me time bandits is
it's and it's written by another member of montipython it's the same thing or the same weird
themes it's the same like anti-parent fantasy no i get a strange jumble and you love that movie
i it takes more than the theme to make a movie i'm not i'm not all i'm saying is that labyrinth
isn't citizen kane i will say the same about time bandits and i will say the same thing about
goonies i think that back to the future has reasonably tight structure a lot of our favorite
movies don't i i like a lot of what we love about movies they're the actors and their performances
and and especially like the emotional i'll use the word gestalt not knowing what it means
uh that that that kind of like especially when we're kids like we don't even watch movies the
same way we don't experience a story like like really the same way we kind of like you know
we we just sort of see images and kind of feel feelings and well and i i mean name another
movie maybe i'm wrong but name another um um uh uh uh uh used cars Beethoven problem child too
cars who's cars you you did not mean is that a movie yeah it's a robert zemeckis movie all right
megas robert zemeckis opens a can of coke with kurt russell uh name another movie we're there
because there were there are several silver streak god damn it there are several i love
that we're all dressed to see the great train robbery um name another take him a pillow one or two there i uh
to my knowledge there aren't any other movies that are starring a now granted like the david bowie
acted in other movies but in this movie he is a rock star he wrote all the songs i can't think of
another movie where there was a musician who gives such an amazing performance and also the songs
are great every Elvis movie purple rain purple rain oh shit i don't know if you do this i dress
yeah i was gonna say change wigs with enti and be a fucking kick ass uh i didn't finish the sentence
with puppets uh there is there a puppet in purple rain yeah he know yeah he uses it to pass up
aggressively shut down wendy or lisa in your face well wendy can go fuck herself like uh yeah um
well i i think i think i'm speaking for uh many women and many uh gay leaning men that david bowie
that were you like i mean he he taught me how to to sex i don't know are we like totally like that
like did he teach you how to conjugate you remind me of the sex who do conjugate you do i conjugate
sex conjugate with who i learned how to do things not i yoda talk i was using bad grammar to be
poetic he told me how to sex he's he's he's he's made you so hard to you became native american
he to tanka my my my fallopian tubes yes i'm i'm i'm i'm making it more important than that
but it was i guess uh you just so no it's not there's no there's no debate i mean there isn't
there's obviously there's a there's a contention raging but it's a people you know in america we
have a problem i think i think this is the infantilization of america we've been we've been
raised through countless generations now to think that this is how we express our personalities
and that we're either right or wrong like that we have favorite movies and movies are good or bad
and we argue about them you can see that reflected in the politics too it's like we're we're being
had i mean you're you're allowed to think of how sorry i might still on top of my dick it's the
same you just did the same thing as if this ball was on the end of that microphone and you
malleted my dick with it there's a dick there it's not oh sorry it was in her right uh
to when you are games saying what you are her opinion to attack your cock i'm very i'm very
sorry that was i was she's been very generous dad but she can be very cruel you can forget about
your penis but i told you i want my penis yeah but but now why don't you tell it to the to the
hand holding the crystal because the crystal doesn't understand okay fine hand holding crystal i want
my penis this isn't fair it's not fair you keep saying that don't you i don't like fairness you guys
hate this movie it's not the best i tried to watch that fucker i was putting my makeup together
i'm doing screen captures i'm like this movie fucking this scene goes on forever it's elaborate
yeah because i chose ballroom bowie they don't show this fucking costume once like there's a
couple they he spins by as a guy it's all this like uh like ice white shut mask masquerade
shit going on like show me the costume show me the costume yeah well that would have made it a
good movie if ever we're gonna see the costume work show me some bowie uh all right uh spencer
crittenden's and friend we got it we got it we got a boogie man we did it again we fucking harmed it
i i i i swear you know i guess i guess the same number of people come every week but i just live
in constant fear of everyone catching on that this is just a big waste of their time and i guess
there's gonna be a night when we walk in this is no one's gonna show up did you ever see yeah there
was a there was a there was a i wouldn't get off on any tangents tonight and like that's such a
dumb that it forced that as to my catch it wasn't originally i heard myself say at the eighth time
i thought it was funny jack benning yeah there was a uh rochester there was a documentary about
chimps i don't know if i ever talked about that and they did it they showed how chimps don't they
don't they don't really have cooperation in their spirit i mean they do for problem solving but only
if the alpha male gets to eat and they put a board and they wear these these ropes and then the alpha
male comes in and he pulls one side of the board and he notices the rope will go all the way through
the other side of the board so he he'll unlock the fence that contains the beta males and they'll
come in and help them pull the board together and and then they all get to share the food but if
they only put food on on in the middle of the board the alpha male eat it all and then after that
the beta male when the alpha male opens the door and says hey come on help me move the food the
baby male go fuck you not helping you're a dick like you're a you're a chimp i'm a chimp fuck you
dan that's not fair and what we've learned from labyrinth is life's not fair i don't know ticket
prices aren't fair um the uh anyways i'm from i live i live i live in fear of the audience
learning that lesson they're gonna they're gonna come and like they're gonna go here ten dollars
for Harmontown please write this away sit down oh what are you what are you doing here
on a monday night i don't know i gotta fucking finish my thesis tomorrow it's i'm writing about uh
uh uh contemporary uh racism something it's important i'm gonna be i'm gonna be somebody
but but i just don't want to miss anything important today uh leaders and gentlemen it's
hymen town welcome down hymen hey uh master bait all over everything i'm drunk again i'm so sorry
for myself i hate myself you should give me high five for that i'm gonna take a shit on stage
oh it's makeup my face moves like shit goodnight off in a broomstick through the roof
huh well that only took two hours time to drive home to recita does anybody have anything pressing
tonight they have to get back to you that's the best audience in the world like
wait i mean we have to repeat it because he said he said i i i got dot dot dot i have to draw animals
in human clothes hey and he and he lilted up at the end like it was a question in human clothes
like like kind of like a valley affectation but also kind of like you know what i mean yeah
half of you are animators sometimes sometimes you're working in that department
in human clothes we have to draw uh is that your stumbling block is the human clothes on the animals
that's throwing you also is there a difference between human clothes and uh animal clothes
in human clothes scale right so you're saying like he's swimming in a t-shirt
is that if we're going to interrogate him he has to come up i mean we're not the audience is
it mike's he's got to come up how about this can you come up can we can we incorporate him
into our dnd or we're gonna do a quick dnd thing and make him an ancillary character yeah so that
way tomorrow then like if life works the way movies work then tonight you're gonna draw your pen's
gonna be alive because because you're like somehow the there were animals in human clothes in the
game and then come on up well uh spirit yeah what's your name sir uh uh michael i'm here because
of spencer oh no shit well that's a nice segue let's welcome spencer our dungeon master spencer
spencer get us up to date last time on dragon ball z after swiftly and cleverly infiltrating
dark stars stronghold sharpie and the gang were faced with a sinister staircase writing the confidence
of their second level they charged the stairs and into the dark stars clutches little did the dark
lord know that they would be facing the newly acquired powers of our heroes after a dramatic
showdown Admiral Darkstar reverted to a demonic form and escaped from another dimension to another
dimension there they stood in the ziggurat with karen broadleaf a prisoner and member of the butzala
tribe oh that's right we met we met a girl who's from my tribe back in back in the realm of butz
all right all right character sheets dispensed dispensered
i think we uh if nothing else we found our new theme music for uh for our dnd certainly for
character dispensation thank you the character sheets are being dispensed right now these characters
are level two they've leveled up they are now level two den don't defy me sharpie Buttsalots you've
come so far in your adventures feel so deceived deception is like soup sarah
uh it happens every day but i hate soup then you'll have to have a fork
wait he wants me to eat soup with a fork
a fork is just a spoon with slots in it sarah
it doesn't matter now give me the baby the baby or you
you're bad people you want my bowie bowl
filled with such charms guys you've been speaking in metaphor take care of the baby bowie bowl
deepen your arms babe i examine my surroundings you're standing in the second floor of the dark
ziggurat as you look you notice that the green emerald dagger you held in your hand not moments
before is now floating in the air spinning slowly holy shit it's emanating a green energy energy
that feels natural as if it's from the forest itself the ziggurat shumbles shutters and begins
to crumble with you inside whoa yeah magic flight let's get out of here that's not a spell that's
a Joseph Campbell term do do we take that dagger or no well yeah it's it's floating and i mean
it's yours i i i grab the dagger you grab the dagger and it shines with a great green light a
burst of energy is released throughout the forest yes i love energy do you continue fleeing i have
a green dagger you know sharpie don't defy me oh you can forget about the dagger oh yeah yeah
yeah we we flee we flee you you manage oh let's roll actually no forget about that part
you manage to escape the ziggurat you stumble and fall but catch yourself i do one of those moves
where you kind of dust yourself off it looks like you meant it the whole time
you escape the crumbling ruin as it tumbles block by block to the floor
it is destroyed can i can i i mean i i don't want to get greedy but i i i didn't look back
i never looked back i i fell out the door and i kind of like stumbled and i dusted myself off
and i just didn't look back and i just like a like a good bowler like like turning away from
a strike as well you shouldn't have it was a strong move is there a path ahead of us
there is a path out of the forest i range the path haha the path heads to the south
is that back to uh uh uh hey hey hey hey havens havens guard the town you were in before yeah
that's actually towards the north oh okay all right well let's go south that way we won't
we won't let's just strike out in the new territory clutter this map up what was the
guy's name on stage again michael michael michael yeah i wonder if we're gonna run
which is a weirdo on the way i don't know yeah if there's any way
we we got no business back in that town right thorn vale that's what it was that's true you
you don't have any business to the south i say the south adventure karen broadleaf chimes in our
war camp is not far from here ah you know what i said something a couple adventures ago in a
in a blackout drunk uh about going to uh find my father and and talking to him very true yeah
hey karen karen karen karen broadleaf karen broadleaf karen broadleaf no no karen broadleaf
karen broadleaf yes how can i help you no sharpie it's pronounced karen broadleaf
karen broadleaf uh hi let's go back to your camp take us to your camp don't you mean
your camp for lord Buttsalot does own it hmm is my dad there he should be although i admit
i have been a prisoner and i don't know what's happened recently oh right all right well lead
the way you'll be much rewarded for uh aiding uh uh the prodigal son on his gestalt i don't
think you know what that word means man for a four day march well okay so do we do it do we
just do we just can we just like kind of tivo through that time or three days pass uneventfully
wow okay it is before dawn on the fourth day you are sleeping i'm rolling perception checks i guess
there listen checks my bad mull rain your ears perk up and you wake out of your trance you don't
sleep oh what you would do it's my waking noise ah so i'm awake you hear wolf like howls off in
the distance in a high pitched rat raspy cackling come on michael not soon after you hear the pounding
of feet in the grass soon you'll be surrounded sharpie i heard noises in the night stumps coming
this way all right a wrap from each other i'm the leader everybody hide quirk wake up hide
there's people coming i had a terrible dream listening i had a dream i was holding three
balls swirling them around in a circle but dreams aren't real i just want my brother back the house
is a monster the strobs idea i examined the the oncoming threat you don't see anything well then
fuck it i stop examining it you put you stop successfully use your half elf powers to see
the threat and let us know what it is i use my health my half elf powers to see the threat
using your elf eyes you managed to make out four or five pairs of legs between the bushes
they seem very close and they've been watching you the legs the legs uh bad news
there are legs they appear to be close and they're covered in eyes
all right uh wait just just because we leveled up bear with me do i have any spells that um
so i don't waste anybody's time you can make an edit point here but i'm just wondering since we
leveled up do i have a spell that might uh possibly uh make my voice sound really intimidating uh do
you have a ghost sound on there i'm not sure no i guess you don't have it all right well
uh i'm just gonna hey man what do you want putting on your invest intimidating voice
you attempt to call out the enemies in the darkness
your attempt sours they cackle at your pitiful attempt to frighten them and ask what they want
uh oh you that was the cutest cackle are you keep cackling uh yeah
what what does my head of disguise do you don't know yet i put on my head of disguise
you feel as if you could become disguised as something i disguise myself as i covered legs
in a bush you fail to disguise god damn it you can only disguise yourself as a humanoid form
i disguise myself as something closely resembling that the uh the humanoid i see in the bushes
you didn't see any humanoids in bushes i i produce i produce my tanglefoot bag
bag you produce your tanglefoot bag i throw i show everybody right it's a nice looking
tanglefoot bag thank you i i throw my tfb at the bush
throwing your tfb towards the legs it strikes against the floor before exploding
tendrils of goo burst forth wrapping the legs tightly the creatures are bound oh god damn it
i uh i take my uh my big rage sword and go into a rage and attack with my the sort of rage
charging yourself up in an angry rage and drawing your weapon in one fluid motion
you charge through the bushes at the unknown foes you strike at the first one you managed to see
the you hit it slicing right in the shoulder you hit what appears to be a large hyena it's
standing on two legs you know this foul beast to be a null matted fur covers its hide and it holds
a large axe and it's wearing clothes right it's wearing some clothes a nice sweater human ones
it's really feel this mike all early like i don't know what i'm doing up here yeah
no i'm just saying like let it sink in like like like see those animals with clothes this
is the work you'd have to do at home all right yeah it becomes the become the null that i just
struck in the shoulder you know i put yourself like become the uh the the the human clothing clad
animal i'll make sure there's some like rips in it or something just for you guys
it's you hit him for 15 damage and he dies
michael everybody thank you michael get to work you got work to do
summon monster which monster the orangutan you summon the spectral orangutan it shimmers into
being it awaits your command orangutan
orangutan that's more of a gesture orangutan orangutan the orangutan leaps into action
it manages to bite the ear of a null dealing
but one damage to the ear of the null
oh he leaps back in pain and draws his sword charging right at the raging barbarian
he strikes a mean blow with his axe at me at you but you managed to dodge yeah
i produced my bow and arrow drawing your bow and arrow swiftly you knock an arrow
does that mean i shoot it it means you pull it like back as well and then i knock another arrow
and then you knock another arrow and then i shoot those arrows at the bush
i must remind you that shooting two arrows at once does cause a penalty yes i saw the
little post it but you left on my paper he's like your passive aggressive roommate uh you
can shoot your mustard dries when the cap's not on
one of your arrows hits its mark and the other flies aside and plants itself into a tree and
grows an arrow tree on the side of that tree you deal nine damage to his stomach he recoils in
pain but is not dead yet uh ghost sound press the vegetation dancing lights dancing lights oh boy
that doesn't that does not sound no no worried in that description sounds dangerous i i i i
cast dancing lights or whatever the hell you summon a personal illusion of your choosing
but small and minuscule right yeah so so i got some lights go on if you want like how
describe it huh if you had magical light emitting powers what would you do i have dazzling lights
that bewilder the eyeballs on the legs of the bush creatures and and and they're disoriented
the diminishing their power to attack us they are a bit dazed it's true sharpie do something ray of
frost i cast ray of frost casting ray of frost a ray of frost emits from your hands
it manages to strike the wounded null freezing him over he falls to the ground in shatters
how many more are there there's but two more um shattered null anyone the day the days nulls
attack you what they're dazed from the illusions they managed to not hit anything they bump into
each other comically you guys lasted dancing lights you guys laughed at dancing lights and look i i
shoot two arrows you managed to shoot two arrows one of them flies right into the ground you don't
know how it even did that the other hits the null right in the eye i mean did you see that in a
movie or something what are you you gotta you gotta practice that more before you shooting
two arrows yeah like when does it ever hit two things no not you you when have you ever hit
two things with two arrows uh well dear friend there is a one night when i sat out in my yard
all night and i said i'm going to shoot the two arrows for hours and hours until i could shoot
these two trees and it didn't happen but i got very close haha life is an adventure take chances
i throw uh my uh how many knives am i allowed to throw you can throw one one at a time i'll
throw one knife at a time it would whatever increases my accuracy pulling a knife from your
pack you throw it at a null you miss shit i throw another one that's not my turn it's not yeah
fuck it all right yeah yeah go all right hypnotism hypnotism on one of them you can do it on multiple
oh it fascinates them and makes you makes them like in a dazed stupor they're entitled to saves
of course they managed to fail their saves nice nice they're fascinated by your stunning mesmerizing
movements perhaps the subtle swaying of your hips perhaps the the subtle swaying sharpies
are very good dancer of your hips gentlemen gentleknolls do i have their attention are they
listening to me they are wrapped you'll notice your feet are stuck by our tangling bushes
and dazzled by my dancing lights you'll see the two of your friends have already already moved
beyond into a place i call but solotia also there's there are arrows on the ground for it feel free
to take them they are our gifts to you the the first of you to to kill the other
there will will will join me forever by my side as my as my faithful companion the other will
will will go straight to a place where your face will be fitted with a custom sized wooden box full
of spiders as you are instructing them to do a very odd task they're entitled to a second save
which they fail they fight to the death in front of you what i turn my back i do the
same thing as i did in the collapsing cigarette i just walk away dusting my shoulders off i don't
even know if i had more dust but i just walk away you hear the noises of knolls ripping each other
apart i just look at a tree like oh is that deciduous or it's evergreen it's a beautiful forest
what happened well i mean i i guess you guys are looking huh he's the only one not look i i i i
watch the fight and see what the what's the outcome the smaller scrappier knoll managed to rip the
throat out of the other one right before having his eyes gouged out by the still beating heart of
the dead thing he fledged him i he fledged him now do i honor your agreement with him or should i go
kill the other should i go kill the other one oh no yeah no when he wakes up he's gonna try to kill
us okay i i attack with flaming sword you attack with flaming sword you strike the knoll in the
chest wait wait don't make it sound so minimal in the chest yes yeah the heart's in there it's
right it is abdominal knolls are like people right they got the vitals are in the chest right
it's a great place to hit someone huh usually i shoot one arrow as you strike the corpse with
your sword so to an arrow flies the arrow flies and misses that's your arc is learning to shoot
one arrow that's your character arching all the knolls dead now all the knolls are dead we did it
thank you thank you
now what their bodies uh loot their bodies we look i i i i rummage through the remains of the dead
knolls you only managed to find a few coins you made that sound sexy you may be getting hit in
the chest sound like nothing you only managed to find a few coins i don't know what sexy is you guys
we should pause our campaign there and give spencer his due in applause for him
and now we should enter that vital chapter of our show where we try to figure out how to end the
show all right click clearly let's hear it for Erin McGathy thank you Erin McGathy little baby
dan uh you you Dan uh you you asked me on the way here to uh to on the fly download the karaoke
version of magic dance from labyrinth yes do you feel that now after after what we've gone through
after our investigation of the film uh your immersion into the character of jareth that you uh without
any help but now because we opened the show with that song and i just couldn't fucking do it yeah
yeah but you had the assistance of the actual lyrics that you think now that you got i mean
that's that's certainly walking without a without a tightrope without a net
you remind me of the babe what what babe but you you you do what i do what you do
the babe you remind me of the babe stop like some baby cries how do we can cry
do to do baby left up baby dry what could i do
no one can tell my baby what to do dances and fairies and magic coming through
everybody's lightning sucking on your shoe dance magic dance jump baby jump jump jump
jump baby jump labyrinth baby labyrinth baby labyrinth dance magic dance
dance go through the dance i saw my baby going through a labyrinth what could i do
she asked a caterpillar which way that she should go he said left
oh oh oh go lap what kind of world could make you try to go right a little labyrinth world
what kind of baby where can you go to never magic nails and make a magic world
does that make magic magic dance magic dance magic dance dance world magic world magic dance
thank you for coming to harvind dance tonight everybody jump that means thank you to spencer
jump our judging master magic jump thank you to all the beautiful crew here at uh mount dance
thank you first and foremost to all of you dressed up as gereth tonight how the world
we're all going to go get fucked up as gereth is drawing remember what i want to tell you lafine
zach mckeefer emily gordon daniel camer just tomorrow so mo fathom of jenny fine
truce the good chocolate how do you fucking say that name doesn't matter i'm jeff davis dan
harvind you're your goblin king dance jim henson dance dance him dance jim henson dance
dance magic dance magic world magic world at 13 o'clock you'll be mine little baby
because of the rules i made up uh the trelly because you caused the whole thing to happen
like in bub's life which was also poorly structured and equally revered by the weak minded it was the
goodwill hunting of bug movies fuck you fuck you fuck you audience fuck you audience fuck you
don't forget monster house available on tvd get it any albertsons uh next to the wriggly gum
oh thank you john carpenter for coming thank you john carpenter i saw my baby with the dick
as big as a stance magic wait oh you turn around dance dance dance dance dance dance magic dance
dueling bowies every muppet dance every muppet dance in the magic in the magic
dance cherish dance all the cherish dance up on stage the magic stage
dance muppet dance dance dance muppet dance oh shit look oh
dance all right you're all allowed to leave now this is gonna get weird so i got freaky dance
dance muppet everybody rub cod pieces rub your cod pieces together everybody come on i got it
cod piece bumps cod piece grinds i don't care if you don't got one here comes the here comes the
funky rap bridge from black garret well i was walking down the labyrinth street one day and i
saw some characters said hey hey hey that wasn't him that was me he he he he waved it off another
heroic move dance magic magic special shout out to our only black jareth i mean maybe the only
black jareth that we that anyone's ever known of please post your pictures everybody i want to
see this tomorrow thanks for coming